# CS-250

## 1. How do I interpret user needs and implement them into a program? How does creating “user stories” help with this?
I believe the best way to interpret user needs is by carefulyl analyzing all points of communication between the Product Owner and the client/stakeholders. These can include things such as interviews, emails, calls, etc. When you gather this information, creating documentation related to what is expected can help develop documentation on how to implement it (through things like diagrams, technical requirement documents, etc.). User stories are a way to help breakdown the desires of the client/stakeholders into smaller, more managable bits by answering questions such as **who** the system is meant for, **why** the system is being created, and simply **what** the system is meant to do. 

## 2. How do I approach developing programs? What agile processes do I hope to incorporate into my future development work?
Honestly, when I firsted started my program, I didn't consider the project management side of computer programming/software engineering. However, through this course I feel I have learned a great deal to take away and utilize when developing. The agile process helps me have a better understanding of the importance of organization in developing and how it is better overall for a team to be able to focus on value as opposed to "getting done on time." Anytime I do any form of developing now, even if it is my own project by myself, I hope to incorporate my own daily standup meetings where I can note to myself what I did, and what I plan to do and follow accordingly to help ensure I am getting the most value out of my work. 

## 3. What does it mean to be a good team member in software development?
Being a good team member means knowing your role and excelling in that role. Most people view their role in a typical enviornment as one of being below someone else. In agile, everyone is part of the team and takes full accountability for the work of the team. This helps eliminate things like bias, finger pointing, and singling out. Though personalities may differ, and even clash at times, being a good team member involves working as just that, a team, regardless of these differences. By doing so, you can propell the tem forward and then everyone comes out a "winner" since a development team in agile is viewed as "a single entity." 
